Cinthya Roque 
Student Journalist / Bartender 
croquebl@terpmail.umd.edu
Linkedin

Twitter
Github
Experience:  
Freelance Writer    
La Voz Latina 
May 2024 - Present 
I pitch and write freelance stories including business and personal profiles, concerning topics such as the systemic criminalization of undocumented individuals and food being used to transcend cultural barriers. I have the ability to work with data and bring it to life with visualization programs. I covered an undocumented student’s art performance at the University of Maryland as an individual project, documenting his social and economic struggles through his performance. I also covered a local latino-owned business which sells Salvadorian inspired snacks, spreading both culture and language to the streets of Langley Park. 

Event Photographer    
The University of Maryland’s WMUC press team 
 September 2023 - Present 
I was taking event photography for a variety of events including live podcast recordings and live music events for WMUC promotions. Along with editing and retouching photographs taken with a Nikon D7500, using Adobe Photoshop. I was also developing and maintaining relationships with various artists’ public relations managers.


Independent Videographer 
Rafael Rodriguez’s art performance 
September 2023 - Present 
I demonstrated the ability to adapt to rapidly changing conditions due to extreme weather and artist placement. I also operated and maintained a variety of filming equipment including microphones, cameras, and lenses. During his performance I captured and brought to life the storytelling elements pursued by the artist. Edited and created photographs that captured the essence of the artist's emotions. 

Education: 
May of 2025 Bachelor of Arts - Philip Merrill College of Journalism , University of Maryland
Bachelor of arts , General Studies, Montgomery College, 2022 

Skills: 
Proficient in Spanish
AP Style
Python, HTML, and CSS (beginner knowledge)
knowledge of recording and photographing equipment
Microsoft Excel 
